# IngrediGo: A Mobile Solution for International Students’ Culinary Challenges Abroad

IngrediGo is a mobile application exclusively created to assist international students in overcoming food- related issues encountered during their foreign study. With globalization, most students encounter challenges in obtaining ingredients consistent with the cuisine of their home towns, which adversely affects their quality of life, mental well-being, and cultural adaptation. The primary problems are language issues, unaffordable prices with restricted access to conventional ingredients, and ineffective shopping experiences. IngrediGo solves these problems with a set of essential functionalities. The app's ingredient translation feature helps users translate product labels into their own language without needing an internet connection, thus helping to overcome language barriers. The "Recipe to Price" feature also allows students to compare the prices of ingredients from various stores, thus making budgeting more convenient. Its Ingredient GPS gives a map overview of nearby stores and aisle numbers, cutting down time spent looking for unknown supermarkets. IngrediGo aims to cater to the requirements of international students by making shopping easier, their cultural connection through food more accessible, and improving mental health. The app's design aims at giving a feeling of belonging by enabling students to recreate dishes known to them, thus improving their learning experience and general lifestyle.
